Breakup Sale
 

#1 is standing on a studio set. As the spot starts he begins walking to the side, off set, in front of a row of sheep holding miscellaneous items. #1 keeps walking down the line, stopping for a short time at each of the gifts he mentions in the script. As he passes the sheep, each one holds up a sign with the e-commerce site’s url written on it. The names of various items are scrolling across the bottom in Teletype format.
#1: #1 here, leader of the world-famous counting sheep. It's been a tough time, with families leaving us left and right for the Serta Perfect Sleeper. So, welcome to the we-got-dumped sale on NeverLikedItAnyway.com.

 A couple of the sheep in the row say “yay” halfheartedly.

 #1: Mr. Wilson dumped us for a Serta. Over the phone. When he got us these cufflinks for our 5th anniversary, we told him they were great.

 The sheep with the cufflinks hands #1 a phone, which rings a couple of times.

*Ring ring* Dave, is that you? We don’t wear cufflinks!

 #1 hangs up, drops the phone, and looks directly at the camera.

 *Click* 14.99 to the first person with cuffs.

 #1 continues walking and a box full of Counting Sheep bobbleheads comes into the shot, with a single bobblehead sitting on top of a wooden stool.

 #1: Ms. Jacobs thought it was funny when she got us these bobbleheads. How about when we found her sleeping on a Serta? Was that funny, mr. bobblehead?

 #1 nudges the bobblehead, which starts to shake its head. 

#1: We agree. 5.99 each.

#1 continues walking, and a large postcard backdrop of a sheep-packed road, with New Zealand written across the top, comes into the shot. #7 is standing next to it, visibly trying to contain his tears.

#1: And the Zimmeths who tried sending us to New Zealand? When we went to give the tickets back, we found them stuffing their new Serta, along with all their other junk, into a moving van. Send us on vacation and dump us, will you? *mockingly* We didn’t even make it past airport security. So, while we try and find the Zimmeths new forwarding address, you can sign up at NeverLikedItAnyway.com for a chance to win our big breakation.

 #7: So much emotional baggage!

#7 starts to sob and stumbles into the background, causing it to teeter.

#1: Everything must go. While supplies last, visit-

The background falls over, landing on #1, who sticks up through a torn hole in the poster material. The site URL is written on the back wall behind where the poster was standing.